Add license script instructions (#1990)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/build/distributable-engine.md

Project developers will work on project-specific source code or use O3DE creative tools to add project content. To enable their workflows, project developers are required to _only_ pull a project from its hosted location.

Whenever working on their project, project developers should launch the tools that were checked in as the distibutable engine build. These tools are located in the project's `install\bin\Windows\profile\Default` subdirectory.

> ### License file generation

Reviewer: Assuming this license file may need to go into a project's release layout, I'm wondering if you want to add a section and paragraph to the packaging [Release Layout tutorial](https://www.o3de.org/docs/user-guide/packaging/windows-release-builds/) that links to this topic.

Author: Sure, that makes sense. I should probably add some additional info in [O3DE Packages](https://www.o3de.org/docs/user-guide/build/packages/) as well.

Reviewer: For clarity, since I just re-read what I said and didn't get the same meaning out of it twice, I meant to say "add a new paragraph" AND THEN "in that new paragraph, add a link". Not sure if that is how it came across to you. lol

Author: It came across as you intended, but thanks for the clarification 😉

Author: Added paragraphs and links to each of the sections discussed

> License attribution files can be generated during the project development process to properly attribute any code or packages that were imported (often called the NOTICES file). To scan project directories for licenses, project developers can run a script located in the engine's `scripts\license_scanner` subdirectory.

Reviewer: Moving the explanation next to the phrase it's defining.
```suggestion
License attribution files (often called the NOTICES file) can be generated during the project development process to properly attribute any code or packages that were imported. To scan project directories for licenses, project developers can run a script located in the engine's `scripts\license_scanner` subdirectory.
```

> In this example, with the engine, project, and `C:\o3de-source\3rdParty` as your 3rd Party packages folder, run the following script in the engine source folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, with the engine, project, and `C:\o3de-source\3rdParty` as your 3rd Party packages folder, run the following script in the engine source folder:
```

> In this example, with the engine, project, and `C:\o3de-source\3rdParty` as your 3rd Party packages folder, run the following script in the engine source folder:

Reviewer: For consistency with other parts of the website, let's use a different name for the packages folder.
```suggestion
In this example, with the engine, project, and `C:\o3de-source\3rdParty` as your downloadable packages folder, run the following script in the engine source folder:
```

   ```cmd
   python\python.cmd scripts\license_scanner\license_scanner.py ^
     --config-file scripts\license_scanner\scanner_config.json ^
     --license-file-path build\windows_vs2019\NOTICES.txt ^
     --package-file-path build\windows_vs2019\spdx-packages.json ^
     --scan-path C:\o3de-source W:\MyProject C:\o3de-source\3rdParty
   ```

> This will scan the engine, project, and `C:\o3de-source\3rdParty` folders for license files using a default configuration in the `scanner_config.json` file, then generate a `NOTICES.txt` in the build output folder. In addition, if a `PackageInfo.json` file is detected in `C:\o3de-source\3rdParty` for each package, the script will add its package license manifest to a summerized file called `spdx-packages.json`.

Reviewer: Suggest rewording the last sentence. Did I keep the meaning intact?
```suggestion
This will scan the engine, project, and `C:\o3de-source\3rdParty` folders for license files using a default configuration in the `scanner_config.json` file, then generate a `NOTICES.txt` in the build output folder. In addition, if a `PackageInfo.json` file is detected in `C:\o3de-source\3rdParty`, the script will scan the file and add a package license manifest for each package to a summary file called `spdx-packages.json`.
```

Author: Yup seems reasonable

{{< note >}}

> The scanner script will perform filename scans based on the configuration of the `scanner_config.json` file, but it is not guarenteed to find all license files, nor catch recurisve dependancies. To ensure there is sufficent attribution in your project, we recommend tools such as Scancode Toolkit: https://github.com/nexB/scancode-toolkit and Fossology https://www.fossology.org/ to further validate your dependancies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scanner script will perform filename scans based on the configuration of the `scanner_config.json` file, but it is not guaranteed to find all license files, nor catch recursive dependencies. To ensure there is sufficient attribution in your project, we recommend tools such as [Scancode Toolkit](https://github.com/nexB/scancode-toolkit) and [Fossology](https://www.fossology.org) to further validate your dependencies.
```

Author: That was some bad spelling on my part. The suggestions look good.
